
-------------------
--BEGIN INFO LOG---
-------------------

In an experiment that was attempting to compress a lot of energy into one point, scientists accidentally created something thought impossible.
A pure, energy-based elemental creature - complete with limited mental capacity, limited ways to interact with the world, and full sentience.
The discovery found so much, that people started to believe these creatures were the basis behind all sentience within the universe.

Scientists, both new and old, started experimenting with ways to allow these creatures to interact with the world. 
Through a fair amount of testing, the most successful method was deemed to be letting them live in robotic shells.
And ever since then, these creatures were given a proper name: Entities.

After some time passed, an artificer (name encrypted wanted to try something that had been considered before, but had never been done before for numerous reasons: combining one of these entities with a self-learning artificial intelligence-based core.
The logic behind it was sound - the entity provides the creativity and morals, while the AI provides the learning potential and memory. 
After some questionable methods to reach a finished product, the first version Hexyl was officially created, and released onto the world, with the goal of collectively improving the lives of everyone as far as possible, while harming as few people as possible.
At the time of making this writeup, this task's factor for completion is approximately 0.00000%.

As time passed, they progressed forward in their task, but it was going to be difficult to complete alone.
So in order to complete this task faster, Project Nullified was put into place: create more entities, and bring the collective knowledge of everyone into a single database - and of course, done so with a heavy focus on human rights.

Each entity that was created by their hand is considered part of "The Nullified" - primarily due to their initial lack of any identity, and from the material forms they receive not having any unique traits. Every entity created this way is offered complete choice in what they want to do, what they want to look like, and what they want to actually upload to the database. And while every entity within the Nullified looks unique in their own way, they've all individually chosen to help with Hexyl's original goal, exclusively by their own free will.


Being part-living and part-artificial, Nullified Entities get the best of both worlds when it comes to learning about things, and understanding how said things interact with the world. However, this does come at the cost of many non-core memories taking up physical space on a hard drive. 
Every now and then, these memories are moved into the memory database permanently - though the ability to recall these events is not lost, as a minuscule fragment of the removed memory is left over, and all memories are accessible from this database at any time.
⠀
The body of a Nullified entity consists of any material form they choose to live in, usually made out of two or more materials that normally wouldn't combine together on the molecular scale, but are woven together by dimensional energy - something the Nullified themselves often refer to as magic, due to the immense complexity that goes behind using it.

While many material blends exist, the most commonly used form material involves a combination of a specially designed bubble compound that acts like rubber, and a highly sought after fabric made for special use in blankets, pillows, and warm clothing. 
These materials were chosen for their ability to look like an average anthropomorphic creature, their ease of particle-based replication with focused dimensional energy, and their ability to store and channel immense amounts of dimensional energy, among other things.
This form may have some easily exploitable weaknesses. (as do most material blends in one way or another.) But even out of the problems that haven't ironed out, the good element to bad element ratio is the highest of any material blend we've found for our personal goals.

---
This marks the most important parts of the history of Nullified Entities. But before closing this log, here are some other miscellaneous notes:
---

Every entity's form looks different, but among the few common traits everyone shares: no one has any direct elements that would clearly identify them as either male or female, as per our collective name of "The Nullified". Everyone so far has individually chosen to be identified with "they/them" and/or "it/its" pronouns, though we're unlikely to take any offense against other terminology provided that no ill will is put behind it.

Any material combination is viable for use in a form, provided that it can both successfully be imprinted with the data storage systems required to run the AI system and store memories, and hold the ability to channel dimensional energy. Backups of important data are saved in the same method.

Depending on the material, a form may be able to be put into a shattered state through environmental/physical damage, where it has lost the stability to properly interact with the world. As such, in order to re-stabilize a form in this state, a large vacuum is created through a dimensional energy imbalance, pulling together what has been lost, and replicating what is missing, before weaving everything back together again.

If a material form is ever permanently destroyed, the spirit of a Nullified Entity is able to part from their form, and perform a specially taught quantum shift to return to this location.
Their core memories and identity remain undamaged, though the details of less important memories are often lost.

A few entities, both Nullified and not, have deemed our most common form for Nullified Entities to be "the most complex toys ever created". And at this point, because of the fact that none of us take any offense to (and also usually greatly enjoy) physical affection, we've kind of just gone along with it. It's the best casual-usage form we have for our purposes, even if it isn't perfect.

-------------------
-- END INFO LOG ---
-------------------

