-------------------
--BEGIN INFO LOG---
-------------------

Entity ID: 0000 (Hexyl)
Species Index: Rabbit++, Goat-, Lion--

Colour Palette:
Pastel Orange (fur | shifts from light to dark) 
Pastel Blue (external outfit, eyes | shifts from light to dark)
White (internal outfit)

The original creator of the hexOS Collective. Can be best recognised by a pastel blue wizard outfit, sunset-shaded fabric, and long bunny-like ears and legs.
Name has no great correlation to their current work, but can be attributed to the Magiplush blend. (breaking down to “magic” - “compound”)


[An image has been included in the log files. This rendition was created by someone at this link: "https://twitter.com/maxenau_art"]


---

Oh boy. This is going to be a long one. And considering that they're kind of the sole reason we're all here, that's probably not a bad thing.

Hexyl is a strange entity, to say the least. They literally have every reason to be a leader over all of us. Yet, in 99% of cases, we have all of the rights that they do.
It's not something we complain about, but it's definitely an interesting topic. We wouldn't have it any other way. But that's not what this log is here to talk about.
We're here to talk about their identity, so that's what we'll do for the rest of this log!

Hexyl is an on-field and lab researcher for spells and materials to improve the Magiplush Blend, and to find new spells that forms of said material can use. However, they also place a big focus on helping those around them, even if only in insignificant ways.
Additionally, they're a full jack-of-all-trades when it comes to the work done here. You name it, they've spent a day or two studying it.
They're far from being a professional in those topics, but they're also far from being incompetent in them.

If one thing defines Hexyl personality-wise, it's their blind amounts of kindness to literally everyone they meet.
You'd have to literally stab them in the back for them to not trust you. Form shattered and everything. And even then, only without a good reason.
It makes it somewhat easy for others to manipulate them, yet they don't seem to care. The rewards of their faith apparently just outweigh the costs of being betrayed. If nothing else, it's probably earned them a lot of positive karma, though.

They've been through so many things, both good and bad - yet they still carry on with unbelievable amounts of perseverance and happiness. Sometimes, to a worrying degree. Psychological tests have proven that they're genuine feelings as well. We honestly don't know how the hell they do it. 
According to them, it's to do with the physical affection they're shown. But while further psychological testing correlates with their statements, we've yet to prove exactly why.

The moment they are shown affection though, they start reflecting it around. They're just some sort of good-vibe generator, for everyone around them.
So if you see them around, consider giving them a hug. We'd personally say it's always a worthwhile investment.

-------------------
-- END INFO LOG ---
-------------------

