Shapeless Form
Be what your mind wishes to be.

At its core, transformation as a concept is rarely understood in the best light. From folklore to modern stories, the change of one’s self, mentally or physically is either seen as a blessing or curse, all depending on the context provided. We’re here to view it in a new light: A tool, able to be used for various purposes.

Quite often, tools that warp the user’s body come with drawbacks, such as major loss of motor control and/or permanent overwrites to the user’s body and mind. We feel that even if what we make isn’t perfect, it’s something that everyone can enjoy without a feeling of entrapment and strict consequences.


A Look into Responsible Transformation
Instead of using the body as an ingredient, we instead use the user’s will as a template, and their body as a cast. It can be thought of more like controlling a character in virtual reality than any physiological change.

In the first stage, specialized Magiplush materials replicate across the entire user’s body, with the fabric creating a perfect seal around them. At the same time, the need to breathe is removed by replacing carbon dioxide in the lungs and mouth with oxygen.

In the second stage, the user’s consciousness is transferred into the materialized shell that has formed around them, and the original body is stored away in a multi-dimensional safe room - done so in a similar nature to being cryofrozen.

Finally, the form morphs itself in order to match the ideal identity of the user according to their active thoughts. 
While not perfect, and even with some limitations, we hope that this product can perfectly match your mental identity.

This process leaves over a shell that divides your body and mind, without creating mental dissociation. And for any who wish to further divide your mind from your body, you can make adjustments in post to perfect your new icon.


The Benefits of Synthesisity
By residing within a Shapeless Form, you get a taste of what existing as a single-compound construct version of yourself is like. And in the likely you’ve never asked how that would feel, here are some of the most important benefits:

|Organic fuels such as food, water and even sleep, (alongside the signals to tell you that you need them,) are made completely null and void, along with many normally standard living necessities. As long as your true self is kept in good condition, you can follow along in whatever you want to, for however long you want to.

|With a completely weightless and hollow body, it’s a perfect environment for activities such as meditation, mindless tasks, creative thinking, soul-searching, and various other activities that require maximising or minimising usage of deep thought.

|Shapeless Forms have been proven effective in potentially dangerous tasks, like fighting fears, exploring charted or uncharted land, or surviving dangerous scenarios like fires, all with its ability to reassemble itself after losing structural integrity.

It’s truly up to you to decide what you want out of your new self.


Find Yourself, in the Truest Definition
Alongside the full removal of all human burdens, you can also path your mind to an interdimensional server filled with others who have taken the plunge.
Learn about our world, experience unique thrills and adventures, and figure out what you really want to be, either from the comfort of your own home, or out in the middle of nowhere.
And because all energy required for these actions is drawn from the world around you, and returned just as quickly, you never have to be left on a cable to recharge.


Shapeless Forms - Order for Yourself

Payment for this product is “Pay as you Wish” with no actual monetary requirement as long as you only obtain this product a single time. This is since we believe everyone should be allowed to find who they want to be, and money is not an issue for us, nor for the automated machinery constructing the product.

If you want to support this product beyond monetary value, you can enable “Account Learning” on your account. It allows us to have AI responsibly study your actions for as long as you wish for it to. This is completely optional, won’t affect you in any way (such as showing ads), and will be kept secure in our servers, where no one will ever be allowed to view it without explicit permission from you, the user.

Frequently Asked Questions
As the work behind this project may seem nebulous, here are the important elements you need to know.

-How is this product like this available for the price?
This project has two main things in mind: Helping others to be a happier version of themself, and collecting important data to make more products like this in the future. However, we also understand the value of this data, and how important it is that this data is not to be given a price. “Account Learning '' is disabled by default to respect those who want to remain mostly anonymous to our servers, so it’s every user’s choice to support our future endeavours.

-How can I be sure that my form will be as I envision it?
If you are unsatisfied with a form that’s been offered to you, three choices will be made available in the form’s settings:

Resyncronize - Allows the form to perform another full reading on you, and meld itself into a new shape based on your thoughts.
Resynchronize (Targeted) - Dissatisfied with just a few parts of your new body? Selectively modifies form parts one at a time, allowing you to search for the perfect shell for you.
Rewrite - A more traditional form of editing looks, well known in electronic games. Allows you to manually pick and choose everything your form will use.

Although we’ve done as much as we can to allow full form customization, there is a severe fundamental problem with every form: as all parts of the form are made of the same material, there are limits to the amount of individual textures you can have - and some textures may not stand out as much as others. We hope this is not a major inconvenience.

-What does this material physically feel like?

Physical interaction with any Shapeless Form most closely matches that of a very light foam mattress/pillow, with a synthetic flannel-like fabric cover. Extensive research has been done on this exact topic to ensure high-quality comfort for the former user, and those around them.

-What if my form gets damaged, or is otherwise tampered with?
Derived as a side effect of being hollow and consisting of a single external membrane, when a form loses structural integrity by something like a tear, the remaining material will deconstruct along with it, due to the pressurised material contained within the forms wanting to escape from it’s containment by the path of least resistance. All forms are designed to re-assemble themselves as quickly as possible, usually taking only a few seconds to complete the full process.

As an experience, shattering can be very disorienting. Vision will likely be blurred and fragmented, senses of direction and spatial positioning may be thrown off, but no physical pain will be linked to the process.
Some enjoy these effects, being described as “dizziness without the headache”. But as a default, comfort options are enabled to remove this as an issue.

[Disable Shattered Senses] will do it’s best to act as if you still have a body after being shattered, putting you in an empty virtual room during the repair sequence. Additionally, [Shattered Sense Alignment] will make sure that transitioning out of your virtual void is as comfortable as possible, ensuring your posture is the same from both perspectives post-reformation.



Team Nullified - All rights reserved.
Contact us! ###/###/###/###/###
