"Are you sure this is going to work?"

"Of course it will! I meant we spent the better part of a week to make sure the parser 
actually functions! And I took the liberty of building it into the file!"

"Well... What if it breaks after I send it?"

"Then we can just fix it and send the fixed version!"

"Before it's actually released, *Right*?"

"Yeah! You did this kind of thing before! So I'm sure that-"

"Last time, I gave them a client that had the parser built in and am very glad it was 
both compatible and didn't brick their computers. This time I'm just sending the file, 
and had to make a new Memory Parser compatible with nITG, AND make sure that it parses the
Memory's contents before showing it to the players, so I'm not entirely sure that 
the parser wouldn't break and it would parse the code correctly. I said that we would break 
off contact with... whoever they are once we're done with this and that pack is released, 
and I'm not entirely sure if we should keep talking to them"

"I'm sure they'll understand if we had to release a patch if either the Parser or
the Memory breaks"

"I hope they do... and will the Memory stay intact? I'm afraid that nITG might not
be able to handle the Memory and crash... and if it doesn't, it might slam the 
playfield into the screen without intending to"

"Azel, We both heard the conditions of the jam, Mods 9 or below! You made easy Memories 
before and they weren't all that intensive, so I'm sure nITG can handle it. If you're so 
worried about it why don't I just go boot up the game and check?"

"Thanks. It's just that I'm putting myself out there for the first time and I don't want 
anything to go awry, you're the one who signed me up for this to begin with."

"And you had fun making the Memory, right?"

"Well, I did but-"

"That's all that should matter! People had fun the last time you created these kinds of 
Memories and I'm sure they'll also enjoy this one if you enjoyed making it!"

"I suppose"

"Then don't worry! We'll just iron out a few bugs and we'll send this, and then we can 
be on our way! And maybe work on other things, I really want you to see the routine I 
came up with."

"Alright I guess, Let's get to work. And as for that routine... please don't beat me 
up with it?"

"I won't"